Add caveats when working with computed relationships (#604)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/api.rst

    select * from directors where film_school_id = $1.id
  $$ stable language sql;

> .. important::
> 
>   - Computed relationships have good performance when they are inlined, that is, when they are created following the `inlining conditions for table functions <https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Inlining_of_SQL_functions#Inlining_conditions_for_table_functions>`_.
> 
>   - Computed relationships can return a table without using `SETOF`, but bear in mind that they will not be inlined.
> 
>   - When using the ``ROWS 1`` estimation, PostgREST will expect that a single row is returned. If that is not the case, then it will unnest the embedding and return repeated values for the top level resource.

Reviewer: The planned interface for computed relationships, as it is documented now, do follow the inlining guidelines. Users will have to visit the documentation for learning about this anyway. They can go out of their way to break the recommendations, but this doesn't mean we have to undersell the feature(the way it looks to me now).

So how about this:

```suggestion
Computed relationships have good performance as their intended design follow the `Inlining conditions for table functions <https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Inlining_of_SQL_functions#Inlining_conditions_for_table_functions>`_.

.. warning::

  - Make sure to always use `SETOF` when using computed relationships. Functions can return a table without using `SETOF`, but bear in mind that they will not be inlined.

  - Make sure to correctly label the `to-one` relationship end. When using the ``ROWS 1`` estimation, PostgREST will expect that a single row is returned. If that is not the case, then it will unnest the embedding and return repeated values for the top level resource.
```

    select * from directors where film_school_id = $1.id
  $$ stable language sql;

.. important::

  There are some caveats when working with computed relationships:

  - Computed relationships may have good performance when they are inlined, that is, when they are created following the `inlining conditions for table functions <https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Inlining_of_SQL_functions#Inlining_conditions_for_table_functions>`_.

>   - Currently, only the computed relationships that return a ``SETOF`` can be inlined.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should add this since it's already included in the inlining guide on the pg wiki.

Author: Hmmm, yeah you're right, the condition says:

> The function is declared RETURNS SETOF or RETURNS TABLE

And `RETURNS TABLE` does not work for computed relationships. On the other hand, `RETURNS <tablename>`  does work for computed rels, but they are not inlined.  I'll change the wording there.
